Issue/12 UI part to report (#13)
teamulster2/report: report/02_background/00_background.md

# Background

The project was a study project, which was initially relating to an existing
project based on a work from the year 2016 [4]. This means that the project
is about the implementation of a reusable and expandable platform in order to
be able to carry out studies as part of self-tests on cognitive fatigue. In
order to do this, the previous application and all of its properties first had
to be examined. Based on the examination results some tasks and their
expansion options have been known already. Therefore, greater attention can be
paid during the implementation phase.

## Detection of cognitive fatigue

In fact, there are not many ways to recognize cognitive fatigue because

> markers cannot be evaluated directly [4]. However, two tasks have emerged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
markers cannot be evaluated directly [4]. However, two tasks (Spatial Span Task and Psychomotor Vigilance Task) have emerged
```

that can recognize cognitive fatigue based on the speed of reaction and the

> memory of test subjects. On the basis of previous information from the
> thesis, two further possibilities are not considered initially. The use of a
> questionnaire also plays an important role. So far, these have only been
> evaluated on paper and not electronically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
memory of test subjects. On the basis of previous information the use of a
questionnaire also plays an important role especially to detect correlations
between a task result  and the test person's self-assessment .
```
